About 80% of the world's population
is born with some kind of special trait,
a Quirk, in this superhuman society.
"Quirk"
To fight against villains using
their Quirks to commit crimes,
"Villains"              "Enemies"
the profession of "hero" was created.
I, Izuku Midoriya, dreamed of becoming a hero
and enrolled in the prestigious
U.A. High School,
where, even as I was
caught up in various incidents,
I was able to pass the provisional
licensing exam to become a hero.
The next thing I'm aiming for is
to participate in the hero work study,
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
where we go work with
pro heroes at their agencies.
Huh? Work study?
Who are you again?
I was wondering if you
took any students for them...
"Pro Hero - Gran Torino - Quirk: Jet"
Sorry, I'm working on something else
right now, so I can't take care of you.
Oh yeah, you were a useless successor
with no one but me asking
for you after the sports festival!
It's because I'm a useless successor
that I want to do anything I can
to get closer to the number one hero!
Can't All Might introduce you to some people?
Like to his old sidekick, Nighteye.
"Villain - Twice - Quirk: Double"
"Villain - Overhaul - Quirk: Overhaul"
Give me a break...
This place is so dusty...
I feel like I'll get sick.
Don't worry!
The guys inside are already sick!
"Villain - Mr. Compress - Quirk: Compress"
"Villain - Himiko Toga - Quirk: Transform"
"Villain - Magne - Quirk: Magnetism"
"Villain - Tomura Shigaraki - Quirk: Decay"
You brought a crazy big fish, huh, Twice?
Big fish? That's ironic...
...League of Villains.
What? Is that guy someone famous?
Master showed me a picture of him before.
He's what you'd call "yakuza."
"Shie Hassaikai"
The young head of the Shie Hassaikai.
"Overhaul"
The young head of the Shie Hassaikai...
So he's the number two of organized crime?
Oh my, I've never seen anything like him!
He smells dangerous!
"Organized crime"?
How's he different from us?
All right, let me tell you.
In the past, there were lots of
scary groups that ran the underworld.
But, after heroes started thriving,
they were unmasked and disbanded,
And once All Might appeared
on the scene, that era was over.
The survivors who hadn't been caught
became designated villain groups...
In other words, they were
treated like villain reserves
just scraping by to make a living
under the watch of the police.
Frankly, they're obsolete
and should be a protected species.
Protected species, huh?
Well, he's not wrong.
So, why is this impoverished yakuza boy here?
Are you also on a high
because of All Might's retirement?
No, it's less about All Might
and more about the loss of All For One.
The emperor of darkness who ruled
over all of the underside of society.
"Villain - All For One - Quirk: All For One"
My generation treated him like an urban legend,
but our elders believed
they had reason to fear him.
Even after he was rumored to be dead.
But this time, he showed up in the flesh...
United States of...
...Smash!
All Might retired, and All For One
was thrown into Tartarus.
In other words,
right now, for both those in the sun
and those in the shadows, there is no leader.
So then, who will be the next leader?
If you know who my master is,
and you're still saying that...
Are you here to challenge me?
I'm the next leader.
Even now, I'm gathering my troops.
Our numbers will increase soon.
And with that power,
I'll crush hero society starting with its head.
Do you have a plan?
A plan?
You little...
You came here to join us, didn't you?
A goal with no plan is called a delusion.
If you present me with a delusion,
then how am I supposed to react?
What are you going to do
after you increase your forces?
How do you plan to manage
them in the first place?
What kind of organizational chart
are you trying to create?
Starting with Hero Killer: Stain,
there was also Muscular and Moonfish.
They were all first-class game pieces,
but you lost them right away, didn't you?
Did you not understand how to use them?
You can't even manage ten or so crazy people,
and you're talking about increasing your forces?
What'll you do after gathering
power that you can't control?
You need a plan in order to achieve your goal.
And I have a plan.
I didn't come here today
because I wanted to join you.
Twice, don't bring people
before checking their intent.
In order to execute my plan,
I need a lot of money.
There isn't really anyone willing to invest
in some obsolete small-time yakuza.
But it'd be different if I had you guys,
with your increasing name recognition.
Put yourselves under me.
I'll show you how well I can use you.
And then, I'll become the next leader.
Go home.
Sorry, yakuza boy, we didn't
come together to be under someone.
I met up with my friend the other day.
She's reserved and shy,
but she's someone who is still
my friend even knowing my past.
She told me,
"Those who are bound
by the chains of common sense
laugh at those who aren't."
Kennie, you're not bound by common sense.
I don't have the courage
to break away from it like you.
I'm here because I don't want
to be bound by anything!
We will decide where we belong!
B...
Big Sis Mag...!
You all made the first move.
Argh, that's filthy.
That's why I hate stuff like this...
Wait, Compress!
This guy's trouble!
I'll use my Compress to seal him away!
I can't use my Quirk?!
Don't touch me!
Shield!
I see...
If you'd started with that,
it would've been a lot easier
to understand what you wanted.
That was close, Overhaul.
You're late.
I missed a shot.
But there was enough immediate effectiveness.
Wait, where did you...?
We weren't being followed!
It was probably someone's Quirk.
It'll be hard to make
objective decisions like this.
Right. It's unproductive to cut
down each other's forces, anyway.
We're even right now
with one corpse on each side.
It's a good time to stop.
Let's cool our heads and talk again another day.
We'll owe you an arm.
Bastard, I'll kill you!
Tomura, I can cut him. I'm going to, okay?
No.
Let me take responsibility!
A wise decision, Hand Guy.
It doesn't have to be right away,
but the sooner the better.
Think carefully...
...about your own organization and stuff.
"Shie Hassaikai"
Give me a call once you've calmed down a bit.
Wait, you bastard!
Why did you stop me, Shigaraki?
Jin, more importantly,
take Atsuhiro to the doctor.
Can you stand?
My Quirk... wouldn't come out...
Damn, that hurts!
Tomura, I'll cut those guys.
No.
Tomura?
Not yet.
You failed again, huh, Tomura?
"Special Prison For Villain Criminals -
Tartarus"
But do not be discouraged.
Just start over.
Start over as many times as you need to.
That's why I'm here.
Everything is for you.
You need a plan in order to achieve your goal.
And I have a plan.
Shie Hassaikai...
I'll demand a lot in repayment for this...
"Twice"
"Quirk: Double"
"He can create up to two copies of anything at the same time. He can also duplicate himself."
"Affiliation: League of Villains"
"Birthday: Unknown"
"Height: Unknown" "Blood Type: Unknown" "Likes: Unknown"
"Tomura Shigaraki"
"Quirk: Decay"
"He can make anything he touches with his fingers decay."
"Affiliation: League of Villains"
"Birthday: Unknown"
"Height: Unknown" "Blood Type: Unknown" "Likes: Unknown"
About the hero work studies that are like
a more serious version of the internships,
where you go to where
pro heroes work and help them...
We talked about them at
our faculty meeting yesterday,
and almost all the teachers,
including the principal,
"Pro Hero - Shota Aizawa - Quirk: Erasure"
thought you shouldn't do them.
What?!
"Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening"
After we had that big meeting about it?
But thinking about why we ended up
in the dorms, I guess that makes sense...
"Denki Kaminari - Quirk: Electrification"
Serves you right!
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
Just because you probably
wouldn't be able to participate...
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
"Toru Hagakure - Quirk: Invisibility"
But some think we won't be able to raise
strong heroes with our current policies,
so we came to the decision that
first years will only be allowed to go
to agencies with a good track
record of accepting work study students.
I wonder if Gunhead's place will work...
Maybe I'll try contacting Selkie...
Damn it!
An agency with a good track record
of accepting work study students...
Can't All Might introduce you to some people?
Like to his old sidekick--
"Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All"
You want me to introduce you
to Sir Nighteye for a work study?
Yes! He's one of the few heroes
who has worked under you!
So energetic...
I want to go karaoke.
Sir Nighteye, huh?
Where did his name come up?
I see...
You wanted to get a head start on the
work studies, so you called Gran Torino, huh?
Please!
I refuse.
"I refuse."
I'm not saying that to be mean.
There are three reasons:
1. In the meeting yesterday,
I opposed the work studies.
I think first years don't
necessarily have to start now.
I agree.
Can't the school just support
the kids who want to go?
2. I think you should power-up your
Shoot Style before you participate.
I think the kid's working hard, though.
There's still a lot of room for
improvement before it can be used reliably.
3. Sir Nighteye.
There are reasons that make it
hard for me to talk to him.
"Personal feelings"
Letting personal feelings
get in the way, All Might?
Personal feelings!
--Personal feelings, personal feelings...
--Mic, stop that.
All Might...
Kacchan told me not to lose when someone
already laid the groundwork for me.
My Quirk is similar to yours, All Might.
If I'm working for Nighteye,
then I think I'll be compared to you.
I need to get many times stronger
than everyone else!
The impatience of a successor...
No, but...
I don't dislike that attitude,
but I still can't introduce you.
I can't, anyway.
Third year, Mirio Togata.
All Might is calling for you.
"Mirio Togata - Quirk: Permeation"
"Tamaki Amajiki"            "Nejire Hado"
Please go to the counseling office at once.
I repeat...
All Might's calling me!
I wonder what he wants!
Hey, Togata, what did you do?
--Did you do something
that could get you in trouble? Hey, hey!
--What could he want with you?
--Did you do something
that could get you in trouble? Hey, hey!
I don't know,
but I've "To-GATA" go see!
"I've 'To-GATA' go see!"
Just kidding!
Aw, I was totally not funny again, right?
Sorry!
You... are...
...here!
Just kidding!
Sorry, I got a little too excited when
I heard you wanted to talk to me, All Might.
Um, I don't really understand what's going on...
What a coincidence, right? Me neither.
Young Togata is currently doing
his work study under Nighteye.
Is that true, Togata?!
Yup! I've been with him for a year now!
Then, when you graduate, you're pretty
much guaranteed to be a sidekick, huh?
As long as Sir doesn't change his mind, right?
That's so cool!
Getting straight to the point,
do you think Young Midoriya can
work under Nighteye, Young Togata?
I see, so this is what you
called me out to talk about, right?
You want me to introduce Midoriya to Sir!
Yeah...
But why use me as the middleman?
Sir would be really happy
if you talked to him directly.
He's always watching
videos of you when he has time.
Honestly, I can't really face him right now...
Because in the end,
I ended up exactly as he warned...
So anyway, what do you think
about Young Midoriya?
Well...
What kind of hero do you want to be?
What kind...?
He saves everyone with a smile,
no matter what trouble they're in...
He's such a cool hero...
Can I... be a hero, too?
I want to save everyone
with a smile, no matter--
Izuku, I can't take this anymore.
I want to be strong enough
that no one will worry about me.
To always win...
To always save everyone...
I want to be... the greatest hero.
It's often said that you can organize
your thoughts when you say them out loud.
I've experienced a lot of things.
The more I experience, the more
I understand how hard of a path it really is.
That's why I need to become stronger.
That's a crazy goal...
There's no reason
for me to refuse, so I'll do it!
Really?! Thank you so much!
Yeah! I always thought Sir would like you.
Really?
I don't know if Sir
will agree to it yet, though.
Even so, thank you so much...
I have no doubt that someone suitable
to be your successor will be here.
Mirio Togata...?
His grades aren't that special,
but he's a student who has a lot of presence.
There's almost always
laughter echoing around him.
Even if his grades are low,
his smile never goes away.
Doesn't he fit your view of heroes perfectly?
If I hadn't met Young Midoriya,
he would've been my...
And then, it was the weekend.
A day off, huh?
We were rushing around with the special
training and provisional licensing exam,
"Minoru Mineta - Quirk: Pop Off"
so I'm glad we can take it easy today...
"rush rush rush"
Morning!
Take it easy, man...
Those two over there
have their provisional license training
course on the weekend, huh?
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
You should be thankful to the teachers.
Even after you fought with Midoriya at school,
they didn't take away your chance
to retake the provisional licensing exam.
Shut up...
We need to catch up
to them as soon as possible.
I said, shut up!
Walk behind me, damn it!
We're having a study session with
Yao-momo today. You guys wanna come?
Sorry, we're busy today, too.
What side dishes should I have today...?
Everyone's got their own lifestyles...
An hour by train from U.A....
This is Sir's agency.
Hey, don't be so stiff! It's not good.
I didn't get to tell you this before,
but Sir's really strict.
I am fully aware!
A hero famous for being strict
and harsh on himself and others...
Even just watching him on TV,
his sharp gaze through
the screen made me shiver.
That's true, too,
but Sir has a different side to
him than what you see in the press.
If you don't want to be turned away,
then before you finish talking to Sir today,
you need to make him laugh at least once.
"Laugh" "laugh" "Laugh?"
Wh-What do you mean? Make him laugh?
Despite how he looks, or maybe because of it,
Sir really holds humor in high regard.
The most I can do is introduce you to him.
Sir's the one who will decide if he'll use you.
I wish I could help you,
but from here on out,
you need to figure out how to make
Sir acknowledge you on your own.
It's kind of late to ask this,
but why are you being so nice
to me even though we've just met?
I don't feel like I'm being
that nice, though, right?
You have a crazy goal,
and you're trying to turn it into reality.
Wanting to do what you can
to help those in trouble
is part of the basics of being a hero, right?
Now, he's just beyond that door.
If you want to become stronger,
then open it with your own strength!
Yes, sir!
Let's see... The site where contact
occurred was already empty,
but there appears to be
evidence of blood being wiped up.
Based on the massive
destruction of the building,
we can assume that there was
some kind of fighting there.
It is most likely the League of Villains--
Bubble Girl.
I think there is no future for
a society with no energy or humor.
Huh? Uh, wai...
The report was so long,
I was trying not to mess up...
Wait, no... Please stop...!
I've brought the first year
I told you about yesterday!
Sir Nighteye Agency!
Just what kind of place is it?
Just what kind of place is it?!
Jeez, see how loud your voice can get?
Stop...! Please, forgive me...!
What's going on?!
It looks like his sidekick, Bubble Girl,
couldn't make him laugh.
So that's All Might's
former sidekick, Sir Nighteye,
and his intense gaze in person...!
If you don't want to be turned away...
I want to become stronger.
My selfishness led me to be brought here.
From here on out,
I need to open the door myself!
Humor?
I can do that.
In order to become the number one hero!
I'm Izuku Midoriya!
I admired All Might so much
that I practiced this in front
of the mirror for many years!
I'm not very good at making people laugh!
So, if this doesn't work...!
Are you...
...ridiculing All Might?
It... It wasn't funny!
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
Through the introduction of
the upperclassman, Mirio Togata,
I head off to the agency of Sir Nighteye,
All Might's former sidekick.
My first encounter with
Nighteye was the worst...
But I won't give up.
I'll learn a lot of things here
and definitely become a real hero--
Wait, there's a test?!
"No one told me about this!"
Next time, "Boy Meets..."
Is our meeting fate...?
"Next time: Boy Meets..."
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!